Here I'm playing with RxJS library for Angular,
and with routing.

I'm trying to fill input text by Clear button through the routing service.

Look at app.component.ts, where I'm trying to subscribe to router change event,
and based on this fill out input text box with value. 


  // Logic: 
  // 1. if route /welcome or /products - continue
  // 2. if there are params - ignore, return nothing
  // 3. if no params, return empty string (clear input with "")

  name$ = this.activateRoute.queryParams.pipe(
    map(params => params['name']),
    map(x => {return x}))





Standard autogenerated readme below.
==========================================================

# AngularPlayRoutes

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
